Room 1: It's actually a bit eerie how non-descript this room is

Player goes up the stairs: The door locked. You don't have a key.

Room 3 coming from Room 1: You're in what appears to be a new room. There is a door at the other end, and a corner halfway between you and door on the left.
What would you like to do?

Player goes through teleport door in Room 3: Another room! And not the room that you might've thought it would be.

Room 2: You're suddenly in a another room. There's a corner in front of you to the left. You can't see what's beyond it. It could be interesting if you were feeling courageous. But we all that know that that's a stretch.

Player picks up key: It's a key! Well done, you, I'm so proud of you. Did your Dad ever tell you that? No, I didn't think so. You actually picked it up, congratulations! But will you use it?

Player uses key on the door: Oh look, it worked! And now you're back where you started. Progress?
What would you like to do?

Room 4: It is a square (ish), completely blank room. There are stairs going down to your left through a hole in the wall.
What would you like to do?

Player reaches the t-junction of Room 5: You are at a crossroads. (I mean, it's actually a T-Junction, but crossroads sounds cooler, y'know?) You can see a room with no door to your left, and the same to your right. One could lead to your salvation, the other could lead to your doom, or both, or neither. I trust you know which is which?

Room 6: There is nothing. There is only pitch black. You have entered a room that is so blank, it appears to be a black void. The void seems to draw you in, it calls to you, it makes you feel welcome, you feel like nothing could stop you -- just kidding! You got lost in a trance. The snail finds you and eats you.

Room 7: This is a very large room. It is well lit. It feels almost like you've finally escaped, like you've reached the end, and yet, you haven't. There is only an opening to your right, will you take it?

Rooom 8: You are in a hallway. There is a ladder ahead of you. More darkness creeps down over the ladder, preventing you from seeing where it goes. Could the snail be at the top waiting for you? There's only one way to find out.

Room 9: Another hallway. Smaller though, than the one at the bottom of the ladder. To your left, a door, no different than any other that you've encountered. To your right, an opening, leading to a large room. Both look inviting. What would you like to do?

Room 10: At least you haven't been eaten, yet. This was, however, clearly the wrong way if you want to escape. You do want that, don't you? The room has an interesting shape, there are angles leading back to the opening you just came from, but there are no other doors.
